
Lecturer in Computer Systems and Networks (Ref CES13-13)
Faculty of Computing, Engineering and Sciences

To contribute to the development, delivery, and research profile of academic provision in computer systems and 
computer networks and related disciplines including associated academic operational responsibilities as required.

To teach and assess, as part of a teaching team, in the areas of knowledge appropriate to the aims of the 
provision within the Faculty of Computing, Engineering and Sciences and where appropriate, across other 
Faculties of the University.
 To contribute to the development of specialist teaching and learning provision, including short courses, in 
computer systems and computer networks and associated disciplines.
 To devise and deliver modules as determined by the relevant academic manager and to ensure that learning 
materials and methods of delivery meet defined learning objectives.
 To undertake operational responsibilities associated with the delivery of academic provision, including the 
leadership of modules/small awards, as directed by the relevant academic manager.
 To enhance the quality of teaching provision and programme development, drawing on leading practices from 
the HE and other sectors, and building e-learning into the delivery of teaching to students as appropriate.
 To participate with other staff in the development of teaching, learning and assessment strategies.
 To contribute to student support in administrative and pastoral roles, including availability to advise students 
on resits and to provide post-results counselling during the summer period.
 To represent both the award, the School and the Faculty in student recruitment activities, including 
participation in Clearing activities during the summer period and in Open Days throughout the year.
 To attend and contribute to Faculty and School meetings as required.
 To contribute to the subject’s activities and reputation both internally and externally.
 To exercise a high standard of research and scholarship both personally and as a member of a team, working 
with colleagues to develop an inclusive, team-orientated approach to research activities

Specific Responsibilities of the Post:
It is expected that the post holder will actively engage in research in the areas of computer systems and/or 
computer networks and will pursue opportunities to foster and lead research in the area.
The post holder will be initially responsible for teaching and assessment:
 In modules that cover generic computer networking, but also in modules that cover the Cisco syllabi for 
Cisco professional certifications. While initially this may only be at CCNA level, in due course the post 
holder will be expected to extend their expertise to cover other Cisco certifications especially those related 
to network security, and also to related areas of computer and network security, such as penetration 
testing and Ethical hacking.
 In modules that cover computer hardware/architecture and generic computer systems (operating systems, 
systems programming, peripheral interfacing, etc.). In due course, delivery covering certification syllabi in 
Windows Server operating systems and in virtualisation, may be required.