Job summary
We are looking for a <a href="https://100hires.com/front-end-developer-job-description.html">Front End Developer</a>
who can develop effective user interfaces on the company website and mobile apps released to the public and Windows
applications for internal or our customers' use. The successful candidate will work closely with other software developers
to design or update the front end of our various applications and make them more efficient and maintain consistency
across them. The <a href="https://100hires.com/front-end-developer-job-description.html">Front End Developer</a> will
also be responsible for creating innovative solutions to front end issues to help make our applications more visually
appealing and enhance usability.

Responsibilities
Determine the structure and design of our front end applications on various devices including mobile devices
Design a framework for creating user apps that grows with the needs of the company
Utilize a variety of markup languages to write web pages and mobile app pages
Implement responsible web design principles to ensure that our company website renders well across multiple devices
Develop features to enhance the user experience
Monitor website performance, watch for site usability problems and rectify the issues
Build reusable code for future use and shared among the front end applications.
Optimize web pages and mobile pages for maximum speed and scalability
Maintain brand consistency throughout design
Assist in the development of applications and features that will be put on the website and in internal functions as well

Requirements
3+ years' hands-on web development experience required.
2+ years' hands-on mobile app development experience required.
2+ years' hands-on Windows application development experience required.
Strong experience in one or more of the programming languages: C#, Java, AngularJS, NodeJS, Python, PHP, etc.,
preferably C#.
Strong experience in OOP.
Strong experience in most of these technologies: MVC, MVVM, Xamarin, WinForm, WPF, etc.
Proficiency with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, and bootstrap; Understanding of server-side CSS.
Experience with graphic design applications such as Adobe Illustrator.
Experience with responsive and adaptive design.
Keen on putting ideas into programming codes.
Good problem solving skills.

